There is a village called Rajapur in Banda district near Prayag.
There lived an eminent Brahmin named Amdararam Dubey.
His religious wife name was Hulsi Devi.
Goswami Tulsidas was born probably in the radish constellation on the seventh day of the lunar month of Shravan, 1556, from the fortunate couple.
The baby did not cry as soon as he fell to the ground;  But the word "Ram" came out of Tarki's mouth.
There were 3,722 toothbrushes in Tassie's mouth.
The shape of the thong is similar to that of a five-year-old boy.
Seeing such a strange son, the father was terrified of the evil, and began to speculate about the boy.
Mother Hulsi Devi was very worried.
On the night of the tenth day, he sent the newborn child to his mother-in-law's house with his maid, and the next day he left the world.
The maid's name is Thula Bunyi.
She began to nurture the boy with great affection.
By the time Tulsidas was about five and a half years old, the maid Bunyi had also passed away.
As a result, the boy became an orphan.
He began to walk from one’s door to other.
Seeing this, the mother Parvati was moved with pity for the emerging boy.
She took Brahmin getup and went to him every day and began to feed him with hes own hands.
Meanwhile, under the inspiration of Lord Sharchar, Shri Narayanandark, a beloved disciple of Sri Ananthananda, who lived in Chitrakuta, found the boy.
He went to Ayodhya with him, calling him "Ramj Bola".  There, on the fifth day of the month of May, Shuklapaksha performed the sacrificial rites of the boy.
The boy, Rambola, recited Gayatri Manna without education.
Everyone was shocked to see this.
Narhari Swamiji then recited the Bismarck Panchasana and initiated the Rammantra to Rambola and placed him in Ayodhya to teach lessons.
Rambola, was very intelligent.
Everything that he heard once from the Guru's mouth was memorized by him.
A few days later both teacher and the disciple went from there to the field of pigs.\
There, Narhari Swamiji recited Ramcharit to Rambola .
A few days later, they came to Kashi.
In Kashi, her husband lived near Sesasanatnarki and studied Bedbeding for fifteen years.
While trembling there, the desire to enter the cave dwelling arose in the mind of Tark.
So he returned to his homeland with the permission of the teacher.
But when he got there, he saw that everything in the Tabach family had been destroyed.
So he performed the ritual of reverence for his father Prabhutirdra and remained there and began to listen to the people about Lord Ramardh.
On the 15th of Thursday, Bharadwaj Gotriya, the eldest daughter-in-law of 1543, married Rananthirki, a beautiful girl, to Tarantara.
She began to spend time happily with the newlyweds Pannich of Tarchar
Once upon a time, Tarkchi Panji went to his father's house with his brother.
After Tansva, Tulsidas also went to his father-in-law's house.  Seeing such an attachment of Pattinra, Panni Tangu was very upset;  He said, "If you had half of your attachment to this mortal body of yours, you would not have had any fear if it had been with Lord Shriram;  You can cross the ocean.
Pannikar's words were inspiring to Tulsidas.
He waited for another moment and returned.
Tulsidas went from there to Prayag.
He left his house in Prayag, took up his saintly garb, and made a pilgrimage to Kashi.
Near the Mansarovar, he had a vision of a crow.
While living in Kashi, Tulsidas began to recite the Ramakrishna.
When he was not living there, he used to take the puja water every evening and pour it under a big tree.
That tree has a ghost.
He was saved by worshiping every day.
Satisfied with this, he appeared to Trilasidasu and said, “You have been very kind to me.
Ask me for any wish.
Tulsidas expressed his desire to visit Sri Ramassi.  But the ghost said, "I can't show;  I will show the Hanuman.
Remember, Hanuman is coming to your friend every day.
He will show the Lord if you pray.
Let's eat together.
Let's go to the market together.
Let's buy something from the market together.
You haven’t appeared for many days.
I'm fine thank you.  And you?
Its been long you have not appeared.
What is your name?
What is your name?
Where are you from?
Nice to meet you.
Stay happy.
I don't understand.
Please say a little slowly.
Please say it again.
Please write.
Do you speak English?
Do you speak Odia?
Yes, a little
What is it called in Oriya?
Welcome.
Where is the toilet?
Those people will pay for everything.
The woman will pay for everything.
Will you dance with me?
I miss you so much.
I love you.
Get well soon.
Leave me alone.
Call the police!
Esters’ very much congratulations.
A friend is not good enough for one language.
My hovercraft is full of ell.
Congratulations on the occasion of the chariot festival.
Cooking requires fire and water.
Don't forget me.
What is your father's name?
What is your mother's name?
Please fold your hands.
I want to read this book.
Thank you for saving my life.
A tree has roots, branches, leaves, fruit, and life.
Children go to school with pen and books for studying.
I am looking for this place.
Today, on the occasion of Diwali, we eat sweets together and light firecrackers.\
I find peace in walking.
This place is close to the market.
It gets cold here in December.
It gets hot here in March.
There are four weeks in a month.
There are twelve months in a year.
Please pay ten rupees.
Please pay a hundred rupees.
Please don't be angry.
Please don't shout.
Please try to understand what I am saying.
In the hearts of all are Shri Jagannath and Mother Maha Lakshmi.
What do you do for a living?
What do you mean?
It was nice to talk to you.
Do you have an empty room?
I need a non-smoking room.
Can you help me?
No worries about retirement: only 33% of people are saving.
Sensex crossed 34,000.
Jet price is in danger, no money for spare parts.
Today's oil prices: petrol 21 paise diesel 16 paise decreased.
Odisha team for national sub-wrestling.
He called for the lifting of legal restrictions on cannabis.
Decreased oil prices, likely to fall below Rs 40 in Bhubaneswar tomorrow.
RBI report: Bank rules will be deadly for the Kohli economy.
A spouse and an 18-month-old child are deprived of air travel due to bad body odour.
Syed Mushtaq Alli Trophy: Odisha lost by 4 wickets to Jharkhand.
Find out how to get the most out of your city's petrol and diesel prices today.
India v Australia: Australia scored 151 runs on the 3rd day of the 3rd Test.
IPL 11: Changes to Kings XI Punjab's domestic match schedule.
Doubt in the black money trade: A maximum of 1313 accounts in the name of a company!
2018: smartphones will be even smarter.
Free training for national child chess contestants from 6 p.m.
This work was done to give a perfect look to himself.
Mechanical error: Team India's bus stopped before the Cuttack T20.
Defeat in historic debut: USA wins 3-0.
Hrithik Roshan may remarry soon!
Akshay Kumar's 'Pad 4' at the box office.
Hyundai Regional Training Center inaugurated.
This year, imports will exceed Rs 4 lakh crore.
Stock Exchange 22 to be excluded 222: Fraud against fake companies.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan share her rare photo.
Shraddha Kapoor's father Raj Shakti revealed the big truth.
The era of cheap air service will begin in the country!
Angry on two brothers Sanjubaba find out who they are.
This is what Sunny Leone did before she starred in the film.
Investors lost Rs 2 lakh crore.
Youth League: Odisha shares points with Hyderabad .
Amazon is the richest in the world.
Are you sleeping with your smartphone in bed?  Don't make this mistake.
Examined the infrastructure and trained Amiya
Nagpur Test: Vijay-Pujara's century India 2/312.
The term of the Finance Secretary has been extended for months.
The list of business establishments will be prepared.
Bangladesh lost to Afghanistan by 3 runs.
The role of Kohli Shastri should be assessed: Gavaskar.
Summer football coaching camp is organized.
Mourning in Hollywood over the death of Anita Das.
Tussle between two Bollywood heroines over Sushant!
Ireland bowed: India won 2-0.
Bank account will be closed if the rules are not followed: SBI.
Wants to work on a biopic of the great singer.
Kohli is behind Kumble's departure from Idulji's deadly accusation.
23 medals to S9N4 Taekwondo Academy.
Turner relieves victory: series 2-2.
Anu will be the heroine of this little-known hero.
Dharmendra asked the state government to reduce VAT on petrol and diesel.
Century Mattresses will invest Rs 75 crore in Odisha.
State Bank of India scam victim: Rs 756 crore fraud embezzled by jewelery company.
Anil to Debani Reliance to go to jail.
On the first day, Odisha won 2 medals with 2 golds.
This photo of Chief Minister Naveen with Bollywood nephews went viral on social media.
CK Naidu Trophy: Odisha 7/9.
Dhoni is the seventh Indian to hit more than 450 fours in ODIs.
BJEM Football: Water House winner.
Inform about black money Take Rs 5 crore cash prize;  New income tax plan.
Shekhar Sporting in the Rameshwar Cup quarterfinals.
Manisha reveals her relationship with Sanjay Dutt!
Timur's video went viral on social media again.
At the National University Kick Boxing, Kiit won 8 medals.
Women in men's strongholds: Builds from bikes to trucks in factories.
The second spell of Bhubaneswar and Zaheer begins.
Women's Hockey Test: India-Spain 1-1.
Women's hockey star Lilima Minj wins 'Eklabya Award'.
Godrej launched the country's lowest-cost AC.
Smith and Warner apologize for ball tampering!  Smith cried at a press conference.
Who gave Afridi the right to comment on the Kashmir issue?  asked   Kohli Kapil.
Kajol is now doing things she didn't do when she was young.
National Kayaking and Canoeing: Odisha won 8 medals.
Why is the color of the 1955 Economic Survey Report pink?
ATM Crisis: The government will return to normalcy soon after reviewing the situation.
First Test: Ashwin-Ishant's score was 6/9 after England's batting disaster.
The Bollywood actor has been slapped in public.
For which heroine does Jyoti say ‘Sathi tu’.
Anupama and Priyadarshini in self-confidence.
Rameshwar in Kalinga Cup Cricket Semifinals.
Revenge from Chennai from Bengaluru.
IOB's founding day is celebrated.
Barun Govinda refused to accept his father's proposal.
India won by 80 runs in the second match against New Zealand;  Leading 2-0.
Saina Sindhu falls in love in the second phase of the Hong Kong Open.
What two Hollywood celebrities will do best!
Air Asia Offer: Participate in Facebook Live Show Three Questions Answers Free Flight for the Year.
For the first time, Elena with these two heroes.
India summoned Thakur and Saini
India won the Boxing Day Test by defeating Australia by 1313 runs in 2011.
‘Tax or die’ for India today.
These two actresses are of the same name in Ollywood.
Idea at the first upload speed at Reliance Geo 4G download speed: TRI.
Priyanka took the lead in the East.
Emami buys popular German brand 'Cream 21' for Rs 100 crore.
India summoned Thakur and Saini.
India beat Australia by 209.139 runs to win Boxing Day Test.
Kriti Sanon will have a romance with this older star.
The deadline for linking PAN cards with Aadhaar cards is approaching.
Pandya to go to New Zealand;  Rahul will play in Trivandrum.
The BCCI warns the ICC of excess revenue.
Today's release: 'Happy Lucky'.
Jahnvi in the role of Flight 9 Lieutenant Gunjan Saxena.
Honda will set up an electric car battery factory in India.
Don't make my son like you!  Once to Sanjay Dutt.
Can't you watch Star TV Star Channel from next 7?
Odisha crowned dual in the All India Gate Ball.
Anju is the coach of the Bangla women's team.
The first time did not agree, but the second time.
Fashion Market: Buying clothes at EM4I.
Bank-Insurance Corner: IOB M6D will arrive in Odisha on the 18th.
Odisha lost to Karnataka in national junior tennis.
King Khan will do the work in "Kasauti Zindegi-2".
Why did Priyanka congratulate Deepika Padukone?.
Shah Rukh Khan How do you make so much money?
Opinion on the Supreme Court's ruling on homosexuality.
Rising Student's One-sided Victory.
The company cannot cheat customers online shopping.
This hand has given up holding the weapon but has not forgotten to run it: Virendra Sehwag.
Ferrero-Waldner's government has introduced a new law.
Stroke Clinic inaugurated at Amri Hospital.
'The audience is happy to cry': Alia Bhatt.
For Karan Johar, Alia's big budget movie has gone out of hand.
Leutile humility for which Basudha tire the hero.
'Shoot the old ': Wink's Queen went viral.
The State Bank server was without a password for 2 months!  The data of millions of depositors has been leaked.
State-level Ravi Nayak Memorial Cricket4: Bhadrak Railway in the final.
State-level Ravi Nayak Memorial Cricket4: Bhadrak Railway in the final.
Grand Finale Sale at PETM4 Mall: Interesting Discounts on Smartphones.
Today's release is 'Thugs' of 'Hindustan'.
Nana Patekar will stay in Housefull 4-4 even if she doesn't want to.
The two most famous actresses in Ollywood get their first movie.
Satyapir was awarded the 'Asian Inspiration' Award.
New Zealand consolation win for women: India win 2-1.
Pujara-Pant-Jadeja dusted off Australia.
What did Priyanka say about Nick Jones in the article?
India's second win in the Under-19 World Cup.
Indian Railways plan: Wi-Fi facility will be available at 4,500 stations.
The loss of Rs 3,600 crore a year for the Castless Transaction Bank: SBI.
Many thanks to my students for their support.
Which way will your right hand turn when you look west?
Which side will your back be on when you look north?
What did Priyanka say about Nick Jones in Nirvana?
India's second win is the Under-19 World Cup
Indian Railways plans: Wi-Fi will be available at 4,500 stations
Cashless transaction burden for the bank, loss of Rs 3,600 crore per annum: SBI
Sahara Milan trip to Raipur
India will show its strength to its opponents by holding home-made weapons
Panasonic's kitchen workshop
Isha Ambani's grand wedding begins
It is said that Rakshi had an affair with them!
Bangalore won by 10 wickets
Kapil-Ginny's third wedding invitation invitation goes viral
Glad to share the point with Carlson
The case against Shah Rukh for his mistake
Radio Chocolate 4 brought another heartwarming song ‘Where to Live
Akshay Kumar and Arshad Warsi in 'Jolly LLB-3'
For the first time, he told the sad story behind the dance
Wushu gave 4 bronze
Vedanta reassured: NGLT orders start-up of Sterlite4 copper plant in Tamil Nadu
India will make India a regional hub, Saudi Arabia will build oil reserves
Vijay Hazare Trophy: Mumbai in the final due to Earth's explosive batting
An hour before shooting this scene with Salman ...
Niara-style cigarette smoking on the screen is this ...
Find out why this Hollywood hero says ‘I love you so much ...
The highest growth in Manmohan's harvest
The hands of this Hollywood hero are empty!
ICC status: India slipped in one day; Unchanged in Tests
Rohit Raj: India's successful comeback, Sri Lanka lost by 161 runs
Alok Nath filed a defamation suit against Binta Nanda
From the Odisha M7SMMEE International Trade Fair 5
Ranbir with Salman in 'Dhoom-4'!
Air Force in the final of Delhi
The Congress is talking about two things: Jetley
The Bhubaneswar Sports Literary Festival is celebrated, the star said
Serena's controversial cartoon
Jhapka to Kapil: Joins Sunil Grover's new show ...
The advice was called to Deepika after announcing the wedding date
Because of this, the train had a blue light on the gate
Rs 17 crore for each chapter of Bigg Boss 12-12
Asian Games: India win seventh gold medal, Tajinder wins in Sutput
Parvati won silver in the Asia-Pacific Games
U / A to ‘Gudu & Gudi’
BCCI pays at least Rs 5 crore to martyr's family in Pulwama attack: CK Khanna
5 million jobs will be created per year
Adelaide Test, Boomerang on third day interrupted by rain, Sammy limited Australia to 235 runs
Little Stars Cricket: Martyr Sporting winner
B. R. Life Calling Hospital's 22nd autograph
India is good on Boxing Day: India 215/2 thanks to Mayank, Pujara, Kohli
India is fifth in hockey
Free weekend shopping at 12 in the brand factory
Special offer from Geomi Company!
Starting at 1am, Flipkart's Big Diwali Sale, Infinix's smartphone will be available for just Rs.
Tradition has become a controversy!
Are petrol and diesel prices cheaper in Pakistan and Bangladesh?
Kuchina's new showroom opens
The WhatsApp will no longer work on this phone
I never sang ambiguous songs: Sourav
State Film Award Announced: Ravi Patnaik ...
Rusi Kapoor opened the door, find out why all of them
Maa Bhairavi Cup Football: Jaga United in the final
Petrol went up by 7 paise and diesel by 52-55 paise in one day, the highest increase in the last 10 days.
Ankita in the tennis quarterfinals
But within 6 months I knew Deepika would be my ...
The Indian hockey team travels to New Zealand
All-India Kanba League: Rameshwar wins
Suleiman Warner Congratulates Kuldeep: Congratulations to Kohli-Gavaskar
Prime Minister Modi praises Sachin and Dilip Tirkey while congratulating outgoing Rajya Sabha members
Viral went on to shed tears before Inder Kumar's death
The superstar broke Prabhas' record
Three-nation series: Bangladesh set a target of 180 runs for India
Rs 5,000 crore from customers as there was no minimum deposit in bank account in the 2017 financial year.
By October, the country's fiscal deficit had hit 4% of its total budget.
Like state police and basketball
New coal mine to open: 37th founding day of Nalco
Geo launches Telecom's most explosive offer in history
The BJP MLA asked to remove the scene from the film "Zero"
Hebney criminal case for unfit notes
Still in the quarterfinals
The approval of the LIC Board for the purchase of IDBI shares
Steve Davis Cup: Subrata and good luck in the semis
The decision to increase the GST exemption limit for MGSMMEs in January
Check out these three settings to protect your phone from hackers
New Products: Z6 Black7 Luxury Incense sticks
Bollywood director Kundan Shah is no more!
Taylor-Nichols' century: New Zealand win series 3-0
Kapil Sharma and Sunil Grover will be seen together, but with ...
Ghost Monster Football: Fighting in the Finals
Today is the second Twenty20, with India aiming for a series draw
Umakant won 2 medals in Gujarat
Vishwanathan could be the internal chief
Mourning in the world of Oriya cinema and drama: Amiya was unique
Neglected Time: This is why Sonali's cancer is gone ...
Subrata is out of the Indian football team
India runner-up in Asian women's volleyball
Prior to the series against Australia, India were shocked, not playing Hardik Pandey, the player.
If you give birth to a daughter, you will get an FDA of Rs 11,000
No idea how much black money and counterfeit notes are in India: RBI
If you borrow more than Rs 50 crore, you will have to provide your passport details
6 from Odisha in the Federation Cup
'Elephant Gold Tea' in Odisha Market
The afterlife of renowned sponsor Raj Kumar Badjatya
World Trade Organization meeting: India's headaches may escalate
Asian Pentacles, Thailand wiped out all trophies
In the year of Smith-Warner, Boncroft was suspended for six months, curbing captaincy.
Repair of NNINLL Blast 4 Furnace
This big budget movie is made in the style of 'Bahubali'
Devi Singh won a gold medal in the national junior powerlifting competition
Samsung's 'LED for Home' has arrived in India, starting at Rs 1 crore
The young blind world is silver to the chess beauty
RealM joins Flipkart Big4 Billion Day Sale, gets interesting offers
Rajasthan's batting disaster, all out for 182 runs
Individuals who have not filed a return by trading more than the prescribed amount in 2017-18 have a 21-day ...
The annual general meeting of the SBI Officers' Association
‘Partner .... Good luck with your return
Former Brazilian tennis star Maria Buno dies of cancer
‘Manikarnika: Queen of Jhansi’ shines ...
The hall is now empty, with no money to pay the employees
Airtel has released a 4G smartphone for just Rs
State Group Games 2018: Bajrang Punia wins 19th gold medal for country, Pooja wins silver
Facebook India's revenue has doubled
Tata Motors launches new Nexus AM6
State Games: Gold medal for shooter Heena Sidhu
Naseem XI PL4C Trophy
The actor gave Rs 1 crore as a gift to 100 girls at a mass wedding ...
Aadhaar can be accessed at the airport boarding gate free of charge if you connect the base while booking tickets.
Theme, Gaffin, Quitova Bida: Theme, Gaffin, Quitova Bida
Running at Bay Oval, New Zealand win
Belgium is in a hurry to leave Brazil
Chennai's first match at the new home was Sunil Gavaskar
Rs 1.8 lakh crore has been earmarked for the railway budget
State-level Sanjit Memorial Cricket4: East Coast Railway in the final
Even after 40 hours of rain, we did not give up: Ganesha
ArcelorMittal Mittal will give up
This Oriya star of the nineties is now Sannyasini Mata Maheshwari
Telecom to prepare a plan within 15 days to cut the Aadhaar number connected to the mobile ...
Rameshwar in the Arvind Memorial Cricket Quarterly
Textile Cup 7: Challenger, Titan 4 winner
A big success for the Modi government is that the country's economic growth has grown by 7.2% in the first three months
The list of reservations will not be made in the train carriages from March
The U.S. company that bought fugitive businessman Vijay Mallya’s luxury jet4 is breaking it.
Use Debit Card Carefully: Survive Fraud, Benefit
Sushant Singh Rajput and Kriti Sannai officially ...
Assocham Award to United Bank
Working with these two heroes in both Oriya and Bengali cinema ...
Ranbir reveals the under-5 Raj: Deepika in this song
The much awaited film will be released on January 25 ...
Kohli's 4,000 Twenty20 runs: India's first defeat in Rajkot
Indian7 is the new human resources director of Oil9
NABARD will provide Rs 2,500 crore RIDIDF fund to Odisha
Why did Deepika Padukone raise her tongue at the Cannes Festival?
BCCI reform could ruin cricket: Sharad Pawar
The actress got to spend the night instead of Rs 20 lakh ...
Hollywood's Sober Boy Sabyasachi in the role of a different young man
2018 ICC World Cup: India v Campaign against South Africa on June 5, with Pakistan on June 16.
Royal Enfield's new showroom
ISISFF World Cup: Gold to Hina Sidhu and Jitu Ray in shooting
Gautam Gambhir wore a sari at Kinnear's match to convey the message that all human beings are equal.
Four Oriyas have been selected for the women's hockey national camp
The arrival of the Super Cup team from today
5th State Tele Award: ‘Sindoor Bindu’ Best ...
Rajan opens his mouth: Support for the gold scheme
Mukesh will buy the highway cable
Surprise Fans7: Indirectly showing love to Anushka again is huge!
Nalco paid an internal dividend of Rs 54 crore
Vidya Balan is the brand ambassador of TTK Prestige
The Chennai Express stopped at Eden
Smith-Boncroft will not appeal against the sentence
Remove all of this information from your Facebook account to stay safe
Revenue from the game: Jordan is still at the top
Mannpreet warns: 'Empty hands if you don't play well'
Cabinet decision, EJ4 permanent campus in Berhampur
Arjun Kapoor-Malaika Arora to make love affair public ...
Apple's iPhone price has risen
Mobile4-Aadhaar Link4: Online facility from January
Big B's generosity will give each martyr's family 5 ...
South Africa are strong in De Villiers' century
The biggest in the life of former Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh ...
Pratap Memorial Cricket4: Unique XI4 winner
The "face" detection biometric system will be implemented for entry into the airport
Odisha Open School Chess: Prabhanshu winner
Chinmay was crowned the third Aita 50K
After Modi, Manmohan Singh met Comedy King
Relationships with employees cost the CEO dearly
The richest are richer: Mukesh's wealth has grown by 4% in a year, the number one richest in ten consecutive years.
Sapna finally opened her mouth to enter politics ...
Elgar's century: South Africa 24/1
This Hollywood heroine has a chance with all the heroes!
Digital payment rebates at petrol pumps have dropped
Pharma has defrauded the company of Rs 5,000 crore
The bowlers were not followed by the rest: Rashmi
Release Today: 'Strange Sanju Strange Love'
He had been doing this for two years ...
India took revenge on Ireland
Odisha team travels to Kerala for national taekwondo
Azhar and Assad gave Pakistan a firm position
Taparia Tools Stall4 at the exhibition
JKS7 State Karate is celebrated
Industrial Decomposition Report to Come in February: National Erosion Control Conference from today
Boeing 737 Max-4: India worries
Geo's Big Bang: The smartphone will be charged as soon as this SIM is installed
Today is the birthday of the 32 crore hero
Ehsas won 2 gold in Taekwondo, Nepal
Odisha is in crisis despite Govinda's century
Both Arjun and ...
The first store of Lifestyle4 in Odisha
India is watching the Chinese market
Kitty International Chess Festival kicks off
So far no one was able to send in the perfect solution, which is not strange
Stein is replaced by Oliver and Lungi
Kendriya Vidyalaya Judo Shuvalakshmi is silver
Ranji Quarterfinals: Karnataka lead by 222 runs
Samsung's new microwave has hit the market
11 Steel plants shut down
Inter-District Trinity T20 Cricket 4, Eleven Star 4 winners
National Junior Kabaddi from today: Odisha has not reached the semi-finals since 2009
Jindal expressed concern over the price of coal
Rituparna was crowned the first senior
Hrithik will be seen in a similar role in 'Super 30'
Theft and haircut
Odisha lost to Saithu
After winning the Bigg Boss 12, she and her husband ...
Wozniacki is the historic crown
Hero MotoCorp's new Passion Pro and PassionX Express are on the market
Lalit celebrated her birthday
Failure in all district sports associations: OCA grants closed
Hollywood's worship market is in full swing!
How do you know where your lost Android smartphone is?
Biruska tied the knot!
IRCTC gifts, new payment options available
Indian Women's League Football 4: Rising Students' second defeat
Black chicken ‘Kadaknath’ is a gift from the Danteewad tribal women.
Ashwin overtakes Zaheer
Kerala's fourth airport inaugurated, Abu Dhabi's first flight
The GST Council meets today
In support of the Prime Minister’s ‘Transparency is Service’ movement ...
Kolkata lost by 5 wickets to Hyderabad
'CheckFake4': With this app you can easily check if the money is real or fake!
RICICS is India's first construction environment course
There are now 16 Oriya channels on Geo TV
The heroine of these two Bollywood heroes was Anu Chowdhury
Shine on the Gibraltar Chess
Kuldeep equals 4-year-old record in Australia, thanks to Senai Warner
3 medals for Odisha: Gold for Malay
AN-32 aircraft to be used by Air Force biofuels on Commonwealth Day
State Bank raises interest rates on F6
4 from Odisha for IPL4 auction
The Kalinga army will oppose the Pakistani team
Day 4: Toss Gini India's batting decision, Kohli's huge force with the goal of winning the series
Another 31 days, an interesting history of hockey
Sridevi's death is a deliberate conspiracy: former police ...
All arrears on our confiscated property will be cleared: Mallya
It's time to dump Facebook: Co-founder of WhatsApp
Kohli will not come Cuttack. Shikhar Dhawan and Bhubaneswar Kumar also rested.
ICC Twenty20 status.
2 coaches derailed due to train derailment.
Oli is the permanent mascot of the Odisha Games.
These newcomers have been making their entry in Hollywood for years.
First T20: New Zealand beat India by 40 runs
Retail inflation is the lowest in six months
It was expensive to greet Diwali by wearing underwear
Changes to WhatsApp's 'Delete for Ever47' feature
For new houses, the GST will fall to 5%
Swiss Bank will provide information on Switzerland's success in the fight against black money
There are twelve months in a year
This angered Modi and Akshay Kumar
8 lakh crore was lost by investors in a day
Congratulations to Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan on the Kohli forces
The Sensex fell 381 points again
The end of a decade and a half of waiting: The angel brought the second silver
The bank will be closed for three days
Odisha wins Women's Twenty20
Hero’s new scooter ‘Destiny 125’.
The winner will come to the small screen in 'Panchayat Pench'
Insults to Odisha players in the National Master Games
Kohli's support for the McGregor Foundation
Putin will take part in the final
Even Indian Railways will have toilets like airplanes
From the 22nd Premier League of Cuttack will start
Bindi is also available online: Rs 500 crore market;  Differences in color shape and size are the attraction
New chapter in Odisha tennis: From November 14, Odisha Tennis Premier League
Bank fraud is on the rise: Rs 41,000 crore in five years
Mars in the Rajaknika Cup Football Championship
Kohli cuts Bradman and Ponting
New Products: Nokia's New Android Phone
Peripheral barriers on the way to Odisha
For the Javanese families who were martyred by traveling to different parts of the country
Jadupur Cup: Dynamic winner
Odisha Men's Hockey World Cup: England win 2-0 against New Zealand
The government will provide funding to Air India
Deepavir shared her henna-yellow and wedding photos
Honda will invest Rs 400 crore this year
IPL 2018: Steve Smith sacked Rajasthan Royals captain Rahane today
New pages can be added
The children ask, "Where is the father?"  Prisoner in prison ...
IRS Satyajit Mohanty honored
The New Zealand players will be complete in the IPL4
United States Insurance Stall in Currency Promotion Program
United States Insurance Stall in Currency Promotion Program
A' Test series: India's century;  India 505
Manpreet's top goal in the hopes of winning the title is India's first goal.
Google Maps6 for bike riders
Got trolled wearing hot and exposing dress.
Kalinga Cup wins Rasulgarh 
Bihar bid farewell despite victory: Odisha will meet West Bengal in the quarterfinals 
Timur went to the first plateau;  Find out who was having fun with .
Forced to know how bad the body is .
Physical exams before team selection .
State Group Games 2018: Saina Nehwal wins gold medal in badminton
Kendrapara-Puri in OTPL4 final
Andrea, wife of former cricketer Binod Kambli .
Victory target 628;  Bangladesh 3/40. 
Sushil voices at Commonwealth Wrestling Championships
Automatically open relevant Instant Answers
Avoid eavesdropping and enhance wi-fi security
Changes the title link color for each result
Changes the title link font for each result
Changes what happens when you click on a video thumbnail
Changes whether the visited check mark is visible. 
Enter your email address.
Enter your pass phrase to load your settings 
Image contains explicit content.
Image is not relevant to my search.
Learn how you can free yourself from Google for good
Learn why reducing online tracking is important 
Learn why reducing tracking is important
Pass phrase must be at least 9 characters long.
Pass phrase not found.
Passphrases cannot feasibly be reverse engineered from a key.
Scroll down and click View advanced settings.
Scroll down and find Search in the address bar. Click on Change (or Add new). 
Take back your privacy!
Take control of your personal data.
Take our Privacy Crash Course and learn about online privacy.
We don't store your search history or follow you around the web. 
We don't track you, but others do.
We don't track you, including private browsing model. 
We don't track you, so we could use your help telling us what brought you back today.
We don't track you, so we could use your help telling us what convinced you to try us out today.
We don't track you.
What brought you back today?
What could be better?
What did you like?
What information gets saved?
What is the cloud save bookmarklet and how does it differ from the URL parameter bookmarklet?
You can restore your settings after deleting cookies.
You can share your settings among computers and browsers.
You can store several sets of settings for different purposes.
Your feedback really helps. Please use this box anytime to share your thoughts
Your feedback really helps. Please use this box anytime to share your thoughts
Your email address will not be shared, or associated with anonymous searches. [Example message]
Search Near My Location.
By default settings are stored in non-personal browser cookies (in your browser) .
You can use Anonymous Cloud Save to store your settings in a more permanent way (on a remote server in the cloud). 
Tell us four important places towns cities around your community from where you collect information on weather and Bullion and wish to see them in the Main page.
Error Access denied. Session expired.
Error Invalid username  password.
Error Cookies are disabled.
Please Insert Date.
Date is not in a valid format.
your username or password was incorrect. 
index was outside the bounds of the array 
down the street .
what are you called? 
does the form recognise your email address?
By default all of the following services are configured to enforce your Administrator approval before the contents are published.
If you choose No to any of the following services then the contents put up by users in that service will get directly published without your approval.
Matrimonial Approval Required. 
His father died when Samanta was four.
He grew up in abject poverty with his widowed mother and seven siblings.
The train was introduced on 22 November 2000 between Visakhapatnam and Bangalore. ।
It was extended to Bhubaneswar on 20 February 2007.
Prashanti Express is a daily train that runs between Bhubaneswar and Bangalore
It leaves Bhubaneswar railway station at 05:30 a.m and reaches Bangalore City railway station the next day at 12:05 p.m .
The duration of journey is approximately 30 hours. 
It operates as train number 18463 from Bhubaneswar to Bangalore and as train number 18464 between Bangalore and Bhubaneswar .
The train passes through 3 states Odisha, Andhra and Karnataka
The major halts in this route are Khurda Road Junction, Brahmapur, Visakhapatnam, Vijayawada Junction, Guntur Junction, Guntakal Junction and Dharmavaram Junction
Khurda Road Junction
It has one 2AC, four 3AC, 11 Sleeper, four General and two SLR (sitting cum luggage van) coaches.
It also has a pantry car for on board catering.
The locomotive and two coaches behind it derailed as the train entered the yard of Bangalore city railway station at 12:15 p.m on 29 August 2015 . 
No passengers were hurt.
The International Cricket Council declared a total prize money pool of US $10 million for the tournament, the same as the 2015 edition.
The prize money will be distributed according to the performance of the team.
reference to invalid character number.
reference to binary entity.
unexpected parser state
entity declared in parameter entity
prefix not bound to a namespace
must not undeclare prefix
incomplete markup in parameter entity
text declaration not wellformed
illegal characters in public id
More Crop Per Drop
Understanding the Planet Earth
Expanding Horizons of Science
Gender Equity, Science & Technology for Sustainable Development
Chemistry in Daily Life
Clean Energy Options and Nuclear Safety
Genetically Modified Crops and Food Security
Fostering Scientific Temper
Science for Nation Building
Scientific Issues for Development of the Nation
Science and Technology for Specially Abled Persons
Science and Technology for a sustainable future
Science for the People, and People for the Science.
God shall enlarge Japheth, and he shall dwell in the tents of Shem; and Canaan shall be his servant.	
And he left off talking with him, and God went up from Abraham.
And the LORD went his way, as soon as he had left communing with Abraham: and Abraham returned unto his place.	
For we will destroy this place, because the cry of them is waxen great before the face of the LORD; and the LORD hath sent us to destroy it.	
Thus were both the daughters of Lot with child by their father.	
And Rebekah lifted up her eyes, and when she saw Isaac, she lighted off the camel.
Arise, go to Padanaram, to the house of Bethuel thy mother's father; and take thee a wife from thence of the daughters of Laban thy mother's brother.	
I will pass through all thy flock to day, removing from thence all the speckled and spotted cattle, and all the brown cattle among the sheep, and the spotted and speckled among the goats: and of such shall be my hire.	
And Jacob was left alone; and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day.
These are the names of Esau's sons; Eliphaz the son of Adah the wife of Esau, Reuel the son of Bashemath the wife of Esau.	
And Joseph answered and said, This is the interpretation thereof: The three baskets are three days.
the thing was good in the eyes of Pharaoh, and in the eyes of all his servants. 	 
Pharaoh said unto Joseph, See, I have set thee over all the land of Egypt.	 
exodus	And he said, When ye do the office of a midwife to the Hebrew women, and see them upon the stools; if it be a son, then ye shall kill him: but if it be a daughter, then she shall live.	
hello sweetheart 
we could not find any faces to tag 
that is pity 
progress report 
you give love a bad name
i am 15 years old 
the account you specified could not be found 
how reasonable are the shipping and handling charges
And the taskmasters of the people went out, and their officers, and they spake to the people, saying, Thus saith Pharaoh, I will not give you straw.	
The LORD said unto Moses, Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you; that my wonders may be multiplied in the land of Egypt.	
This month shall be unto you the beginning of months: it shall be the first month of the year to you.
All the congregation of Israel shall keep it.	
That smiteth his father, or his mother, shall be surely put to death.	
The feast of harvest, the firstfruits of thy labours, which thou hast sown in the field: and the feast of ingathering, which is in the end of the year, when thou hast gathered in thy labours out of the field.
They shall bind the breastplate by the rings thereof unto the rings of the ephod with a lace of blue, that it may be above the curious girdle of the ephod, and that the breastplate be not loosed from the ephod.
And You shall bring his sons, and put coats upon them.	
Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Consider your ways.	
Therefore the heaven over you is stayed from dew, and the earth is stayed from her fruit.
Table entries can be sorted by serial number or alphabetically by clicking on the headers.
This section presents some resources to acquaint one about Odisha and Odia.
Deeper information can be had from the titles given in the other sections under reference and in the book section.
These items are listed under some categories which can be accessed from the links below.
Detailed index of the categories would be displayed on the right on their respective pages.
Links for opening/previewing the articles/book or for downloading these are also given there.
The material listed here can help in getting one generally familiar with Odisha and Odia.
Some items like the glossaries can be of general use. Some bring up questions relating to Odisha/Odia and some provide interesting but little known facts in entertaining manner.
Please note that the selection is not exhaustive and may not be the best.
Srujanika was born around 1980 with a diffused idea of spreading the spirit of science among people, especially the young.
Over the years it evolved into a resource center on education and science and focused developed print and hands-on resources in these fields.
Shows events as they occur from selected types and sources.
Highlight last event entry
Start/stop event recording
Flag of Nepal
Statue of Afanasy Nikitin in Tver. 
Separate Kosal state movement
Board of Directors 
Ib river near Jharsuguda
Attractions around Bemetara 
Laxman Temple at Sirpur 
Development and history 
Childhood and education
ist of botanical gardens
Capital of later dynasties 
Capital of the Maurya Empire 
Excavated sites of Pataliputra 
Major cities on/off NH 19 
National Highway 19 (India
Delhi Noida Direct Flyway 
Personal life and other works
Please Insert Date
Date is not in a valid format
you are gonna miss me when i am gone 
want you back 
do not you feel ashamed of yourself? 
sometimes it seems like that 
sometimes you just ignore 
sometimes you scroll down 
I do not know when we will wake up 
Stop enough excuses 
Let us do something 
See 500 completed already 
These kind of small small efforts will turn big one day
I can not believe it 
Are you sure?
This is strange 
I do not know what to do 
Can you complete till 500 today?
Please, help me do this 
I am begging you 
Anyway, why will you care? 
A person who does not respect own mother, how are you expecting him/her to do something for the motherland?
A team from tech giant Google is driving across Bangladesh to teach half a million college and university students throughout Bangladesh how to make the most of the Internet. 
The specially retrofitted Google Bus powered with 3G mobile Internet will visit 500 campuses in 35 locations across the South Asian country. 
More and more people in Bangladesh are going online, thanks to 3G mobile Internet. 
In last two years, Internet penetration jumped to 20 percent from just 5 percent in 2012. 
These new users, especially young people, do not have adequate training to harness the potential of Internet and new media. 
The Google Bus initiative seeks to change that, not only allowing students to connect to the Internet but also learn about new tools that aid their education and development and attend instructor-led training sessions. 
Students involved in the project will also be able to use a number of Internet-connected Android devices. 
The bus has already visited several colleges and universities in the capital Dhaka.
I like Google Bus 
It is very essential for our daily life 
So I like it very much 

